 
Private and Confidential Resume for  
Sebastian, Phua  
 
Candidate Snapshot: 
Latest Employer: ACA Pacific Technology (S) Pte Ltd  
Latest Title: Presales Engineer  
Current Salary: 
Annual Package: 
Basic (13 months): SGD 45,500 
Claimable mobile and transport allowances 
Reason for Leaving: 
Seeking a role with a stronger pre‑sales focus, as his 
current position encompasses a broad range of 
responsibilities 
Availability: 2 months notice period 
Consultant Comments:  
• Sebastian is an IT professional with more than 6 
years of experience in cybersecurity and 
presales engineering, specializing in deploying 
and assessing enterprise security and 
infrastructure solutions for government and 
defence clients.  
• In his current presales role, he conducts 
technical assessments, delivers solution demos, 
builds proof‑of‑concept environments, and 
provides technical advisory support.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Profile of Sebastian, Phua  
 
   
Presented By: 
Consultant Name: Ee Shuan Tan  
Consultant Phone: 8686 5675 
Consultant Email: eeshuan.tan@peoplebank.asia  
 
 
Peoplebank Singapore has prepared this resume based on the information provided by the candidate, or by a referee in the 
case of a verbal reference. It remains the property of Peoplebank Singapore and should not be passed on to a third party 
without the prior consent of Peoplebank Singapore. You must only transfer personal information to a recipient in a foreign 
country either within your company or outside it, in circumstances where the information will have appropriate privacy and any 
other relevant legal protection. In either case, you must have written consent from Peoplebank Singapore to do this. Whilst 
every effort has been taken to ensure the content of this resume is accurate, Peoplebank Singapore does not accept liability for 
any information which is subsequently found to be inaccurate through further investigation or performance of the individual to 
whom the resume relates. 
 
In the event you accept this candidate for placement, the placement shall be subject to our standard terms and conditions, 
unless otherwise agreed between us in writing prior to the commencement of the placement. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Profile of Sebastian, Phua  
 
   
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
 
ACA Pacific Technology (S) Pte Ltd  Jul 2023 - Present 
Presales Engineer  
• Deployed and configured EDR, email security, firewalls, switches, SIEM, patch 
management, network monitoring and virtual machines in client's environment. 
• Conducted client infrastructure assessments and Proof of Concept demonstrations. 
• Built and managed in-house demo lab to support partner enablement, and technical 
training. 
• Provided post-sales troubleshooting for onboarded clients. 
• Contributed to government and defence sector projects requiring CAT 1 / G50 
security clearance 
 
StarHub Ltd  Jun 2021 - Jul 2023 
QA Executive  
• Adopted both Agile and Waterfall methodologies. 
• Created test plans, defined testing methods, and planned releases for new app 
versions. 
• Executed test cases and reported results within specified timeframes. 
• Gathered and analysed qualitative and quantitative customer feedback. 
• Published in-app advertisements to enhance user engagement, retention, and 
satisfaction. 
• Lead the QA effort for the integration of Disney+, Premier League and Amazon Prime 
onto the StarHub Mobile App. 
 
Temasek Polytechnic - IBM  Apr 2015 - Apr 2016 
Security Operations Center Intern  
• Monitored campus-wide network using IBM QRadar for suspicious activity or signs of 
compromise. 
• Triaged security alerts; escalated critical incidents with zero missed SLAs. 
• Create detailed reports on incidents and vulnerabilities identified. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Profile of Sebastian, Phua  
 
   
EDUCATION 
 
Bachelor of Computer Science 2021 
Singapore Institute of Management  
 
Diploma in Cyber & Digital Security 2016 
Temasek Polytechnic  
 
PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS  
 
• Troubleshooting Expert (CCTE)   
• Certified Security Expert (CCSE)   
• Certified Security Administrator (CCSA)   
• ADM - Functional Testing Certified Presales Engineer (MFCPE)   
• CyberRes-Fortify Certified Presales Engineer (MFCPE)   
• CyberRes-ArcSight Certified Presales Engineer (MFCPE)   
• ADM - Performance Engineering Certified Presales Engineer (MFCPE)   
• ITOM-SMAX Certified Presales Engineer (MFCPE)   
• ITOM-NOM Certified Presales Engineer (MFCPE)   
 
  
 
